Program Benefits: Final Revised Copy 

(  Revised numerical order. ) 

1.) Exercise is Not a Requirement

2.) Rest, A.K.A.  "Horizontal Time, HT" (T.M.)

3.) Hormones 

4.) Immune Related Issues are Food Related Issues

5.) Grow Muscle | Gain Weight | Bone Density

6.)  Food First!  No Supplements or Herbs...

7.) Undivided Attention - Doctor Driven Counsel - A Unique Program Benefit

______________________

Revised Copy: 

*Please place a split picture of a couple at the beach split w/another picture of a nice very contemporary looking bed w/a dumb-bell on it, as a conscious play - gesture - referring to what they are about to read.* these images above the exercise is not a requirement section.

1.) Exercise is "Not" a Requirement 

(Revised Copy)

Exercise is not a requirement with this program. 

On this program you will be going to exercise for the “right” reasons and enjoy freedom from the “control the scale syndrome”.
Exercise is not a factor in weight loss and does not accelerate weight loss. On this program calories, fat, fiber and carbohydrates are not counted. Nothing is counted because there are unlimited portions. When food energy is used correctly by the body as 100% cellular energy whatever the food provides results positive. This is learned and understood through your counsel in Dietary Progression and submitted data. Exercise is always good, cardiovascularly, for muscles and many other functions in the body. Exercise should be performed for help and “not to control the scale”.  Exercise to control the scale has become an unhealthy trend, contributing to addiction issues for a very large percentage of the female & male population, at all ages.

This exercise to control the scale syndrome contributes to eating disorders and unhealthy food related behavior patterns.  

Occurring from early stages, childhood, adolescent, college years and influencing our decision making professionally and personally. Years of practice within this field, we see these trends having an ill-effect on hormonal development for females and males. Ranging from reproduction issues, menstrual cycle issues, aging in an unhealthy manner, maintaining muscle mass, growing new muscle, insulin deficiency, insulin-inefficiency, ill-carbohydrate assimilation, erectile – libido concerns and bone density.  

On this program you will be going to exercise for the “right” reasons and enjoy freedom from the “control the scale syndrome”.

Eating the right foods for your system can give you the day to day food efficiency and consistency to rely on.  In council you will learn to understand and interpret our "Scale Reactivity System"(T.M.) as a parameter of how your body and the food are interacting.  Consistency from the foods that work using the right foods to manage your weight and lose weight rather than forcing your body into exercise, to control the scale syndrome, an unhealthy addiction. Most people force exercise while eating the wrong foods, possibly dangerous foods for their systems at the time of forced exercise. 

Eating the right foods for your system enjoying the weight-loss and actually feeling lighter, this becomes your reality on our program. Exercise is a pleasure rather than a stress.

When food which is chemical energy is used correctly by the body, whatever that food provides results in a positive. 

The Correct food for your system, equals (=) the right energy for your system.

The wrong foods equal (=) the wrong energy. 

This program can also reduce your fatigue and increase your recovery time from exercise and from stress.  Many people ask if it is possible to stop weight loss and the answer is "yes". 

You can stop weight loss at any time just by eating foods that you will learn cause your specific system to stop losing and other foods that cause your bodyweight to maintain weight or go up. This all happens while your body is reaching its ideal body fat. With this weight-loss there will be no loss of strength in fact you will be stronger as clients report from eating those proteins that work best in your body per your individualized dietary program.  

The list of rapidly growing health issues is food related as much as it is immune related. 

End Revised Copy:



2.) Rest, A.K.A "Horizontal Time, HT" (T.M.)

Revised Copy:

The fact that most clients realize that “REST”, A.K.A., (Horizontal Time ”HT” at the Right Time on the Correct Foods) will allow us to guide you in "Mapping-Out Your Cleaning Cycles"(T.M.) can accelerate weight-loss, when on this program, on the correct foods.  Incinerating body fat whether just lying down in the HT position, not asleep or asleep. As clients say, “This Is A Magical Food Moment!”

Many professional athletes, & over-working executives, would use exercise extensively , cardiovascularlay approximating a 3500 cal-burn two times daily and eating only one meal or sometimes two meals per day, with some sort of starvation paired with this extreme cardiovascular routines or obsessive cardio in attempt to manipulate weight to try to meet their contract weight or weight requirements for positions that they play.  That did not work for them.  Executives & parents due to healthcare plan requirements or re-exams fall into the same ill-habits.  All unhealthy addictive practices. This did not work for them.

Only when they began this program and ate the correct foods for their systems, feeding their systems the correct foods till satisfied by allowing yourself unlimited portions were they able to reach their goals and be at low body fat percentages that they thought were impossible for them to achieve. Realizing they lose more weight when they rest eating the correct foods with the right amount of horizontal time at the right time - takes the stress out of exercise and the guilt out of relaxation. At the same time being able to reach their goals & enjoy food! 

This is Self-Empowering & a Win-Win.

Creating a new physical and emotional relationship to the correct foods, listening & feeling what’s right & when your satisfied.  Having an interactive experience with your system throughout your Dietary Progression's New Rules and understanding it.

When on the correct foods at the right time with the right amount of horizontal time whether not  a-sleep or sleeping, your body is now being given the optimal opportunity to tap into innate- intelligence to recover & regenerate from being vertical all day on earths gravitational pull. 

This intelligence that we call your "Cleaning Cycles,(T.M.) is an opportunity already within us. When on the correct foods, eating them at the right time with the right amount of horizontal time, and you have witnessed your chemical - "click-in"(T.M.) while calming down in the horizontal position.  This to be discussed and coached up on when in counsel.

Once your cleaning cycles have begun, these specific organs ( your hepatic system ) start their nightly performance and they look to do this every night as part of our inherent innate built-in natural detoxification and cleansing system.
Finally given the opportunity to perform at 100% on a cellular level by understanding how to tap-into you own fountain of youth. 

Magical food moments begin to happen.

Your introduced to multiple concepts that clients agree, are eye opening experiences - windows of opportunity.  How to tap-into your body's own sleep technology, learning how to
" Mapping Out Your Cleaning Cycles"(T.M.) and  
 learning about "The PM Scale Reading",(T.M.)

End Revised Copy:

3.) Hormones (Revised Copy)

Both Female & Male,

Satisfying cravings and not over-eating yet incredibly satisfied by what foods are working and proof - to be compatible with their systems. 

This is exactly what our clients experience when on the correct foods that prostaglandin pathways can now use the correct fats for that individual system.  This is the catalyst to accelerate weight-loss, defy the look of aging, beautify your skin as it starts to retain more nutrients due to those prostaglandin pathways, gain strength and new muscle mass by manufacturing male or female hormones, less inflammation which equals = less pain and some clients report faster mental processing with improved attention span.

Men and Women in the United States and now abroad, actually grow up from a young stage in life, being exposed to synthetic hormones in many variations, from conventional & GMO foods to prescribed skin & respiratory medications. 

Adolescence is surrounded by synthetic hormones like birth control that alter hormonal communication internally with more short-term and long-term side effects being experienced, more then ever before.

Respiratory and dermatological steroids also have become more common in childhood, adolescent and the ages of professionals.  Seasonally becoming winded with respiratory fatigue, wheezy, excessive mucous, skin rashes that have sever redness and itching, forms of rosacea, eczema and psoriatic arthritic conditions, all correlate to a significant amount of the population now living on many different variations of steroids and synthetic hormones. 

What if the foods these particular systems grew up eating where problematic? Or the foods your eating now have become dangerous for that system. Contributing to or the basic fundamental cause of those symptoms. 

Specific fruits, vegetables, grains and nutrients in many other food groups all now researched in our environment having direct relationships with a rapidly growing list of health issues.

All health problems are immune related.  

Our program has something to offer, even when your main focus is not weight related.  (FAQ)

When it’s the correct food for your system, this equals (=) the right energy for your system.

The wrong foods equal (=) the wrong energy. 

Female Systems,

There will also be more female hormones. Premenstrual syndrome becomes only a memory for women and peri-menopause can be smooth with no symptoms.  Menopause becomes natural as it should be with less or no hormones necessary, especially because bone density can increase as a result of eating the correct foods for the particular system. 

After a period of time on the program women that begin their program with hormone replacement therapy medication start to be intrigued by their dietary progressions success - feel their systems change for the better. These women start to entertain the idea of wanting to experiment rotating, or weaning themselves to less doses or not taking this medication. When this type of situation presents itself, we always suggest that they consult with their other physicians which may find a specific niche’ for their own system while on their correct foods and rotate their medication over a longer period of time, or result in not taking the medication.  Many clients reduce their dose’s of prescribed medications with coordinated guidance and then do well without it.   

Different forms of birth control pills for a wide variety of diagnosis or other medications that have hormonal side effects. Taken for many years without thinking or considering any affect on a menstrual cycle, or the system that's endured this type of treatment and having the ability to reproduce a healthy baby on their own & not need induced hormones to do so, or POST-Pregnancy health. Hormones needed for pregnancy is becoming just as much a trend as it is for menopausal women to end up addicted or dependent on hormonal therapy, for the remainder of their lives or close to it. The severe silence that surrounds the side-effects is different for each. Not knowing the way there bodies feel without the hormones / medications because the foods being eaten at that time with hormones could not be used efficiently. Then when the correct foods can be eaten with a focus of increased cellular energy with respect to organ pathways, naturally systems can then have the opportunity to repair & correct. 

Some clients regain healthy menstrual cycle’s whatever the timing of their cycle may be for that individuals lifestyle & not text book timing.

Other women come to the program seeking in attempt to hold off on hysterectomies, re-establishing a menstrual cycle in accessing there bodies own female abilities. Women in pursuit of their inherent right to have a natural pregnancy & increasing these chances from the correct foods that can repair and correct prostaglandin function to our understanding, from what has been missing for up to six to nine  months.  Then gain their bodies own ability to regulate hormonal function knowing from their own personal research that their system should manage this on their own.  Rather than it being stopped by a procedure, medications, or synthetic hormones, and the possibility of living with short-term or long-term doses of side-effects.

Male Systems,

Male systems wanting to increase male hormone and defy aging, gain strength and new muscle mass. There will also be more male hormones.

Many men come into the program with this as a main focus. Having their systems become more efficient with the protein they eat and carbohydrates they eat for improved insulin function. While losing weight or gaining weight on this program, your muscle mass will increase due to the correct proteins and carbohydrate sources being eaten and proof compatible so you know they are being used at 100% efficiency on a cellular level.

This is also another concern for female systems seeking more energy, muscle tone and improved from female hormone function. 

Clients that are male and female also report better balance in their own hormones. Some accomplish this in a shorter period of time others longer periods of time with respect to their medical history. We must place an incredible value on the understanding that there is an innate inherent re-cooperative ability to manufacture your own female and or male hormones and that we all have a different journey that impacts us positively or negatively in mental, physical, reproductive & regenerative function. This aside, there is a very in-deep appreciation for your body’s own ability to regulate inflammation better by the  manufacturing prostaglandin pathway anti-inflammatory male or female hormone function.  This is a main focus when feeding your system the correct foods to make this a catalyst for prostaglandin function.
Understanding what your body is communicating from an exact craving, when & if they do occur to patterning out your dietary progression with the coordinating white blood cells end organ systems that apply to those specific foods working and not working reveal a pattern of immunology only revealed from your Dietary Progressions Program.
Not experiencing cravings that are tormenting you because your actually satisfied from the correct foods your eating. Finally, having a scientific reason particular to your system. 

If you do start to experience cravings, our integrated application demonstrates they come from your most neurological receptive male and female organs neuro-chemical communication. This being said and supported in research, we support your cravings and they need to be satisfied from challenge foods to be proofed in for compatibility within your Dietary Playbook's diagnostic section. 
That's taking the guilty pleasure out of the craving. Now your able to enjoy the food that satisfies the craving as a healthy association because you understand why and where the craving is coming from ! 
That's "Food - Freedom",(T.M.).


End Revised Copy:

*Picture of the tomatoes w/split picture of the man & women in the kitchen - please move this image of the people to the very first image in the section: "Why Our Program is Unique"
In place of the 2-men.

Replace the image above the header for Immune related issues with:
The vial of blood and floating cells. W/the image of female eating or cutting into the salad.

4.) Immune Related Issues are Food Related Issues (Revised Copy)

All health problems are immune related, and food related but not all weight related. 

Joint pain and inflammation begin to decrease by the fourth or fifth day hundreds and hundreds of clients report, due to the fact that foods are not provoking a specific white blood cell whose main purpose is to create inflammation in the joints when provoked. The data collected during our initial nineteen years continues currently to show that high blood pressure begins positive change towards correction within the the first 10 days, cholesterol within 17 days and many different types of comprehensive laboratory profiles within 21 days.  This specific to the  medical history & the ability to stay consistently on program per Dr. Leon Mellman's recommendations. 

Medicated clients suffering from, heartburn indigestion, different forms of acid indigestion or variable forms of reflux, have reported for years being symptom free with positive change, in a couple of days within the start of their individualized Dietary Progression Programs.

Diabetics type 1 to type 2, learn to regulate & reduce insulin by their individual systems using the correct foods more efficiently on a cellular level, this is witnessed when patterning out data & amazed at how specific foods to their particular systems interact differently. 

Clients that have lupus, Lyme’s or associated symptoms of lyme's short-term & long-term suffering, sinus congestion, excessive mucous in upper and lower respiratory systems, seasonal immunogenic suppression, chronic fatigue syndromes, fibromyalgia, skin rashes, hot painful joints, itching and sever redness, forms of rosacea, eczema and psoriatic arthritic conditions, all have reached levels of improved management, reduced insulin levels and medications to none at all, with others achieving remission on this program.  This improvement occurs regardless of age.  Coordinating doctors we find cooperate by reducing, weaning or removing patients from medication as they witness success.  People have to help their bodies by feeding / eating the correct energy in the form of correct foods, so it can get the job done.

End Revised Copy:

This to be placed on top of #5 section

*Need a picture of a variety of female & males, younger & middle aged - like a family group of parents - grandparents and kid - that all have an athletic appearance, athletic clothing somewhat -  in a kitchen.

5.) Grow Muscle | Gain Weight | Bone Density

                         Increase Your Size

This accomplished from a different protocol within your dietary progressions program & your individual systems,“Scale Reactivity System",(T.M.)

Our protocols are adjusted per individual's main focus.  Female or male with respect to your lifestyle, profession and medical history. 

On our program – You get to keep the muscle you gain, when your system is being fed the correct foods; as they say, “when its grown correctly it wears correctly”.  

Professional athletes, executives or others who need to increase their size, can gain healthy increments of desired weight in the form of increased muscle mass, while achieving new low body fat percentages with increased strength.  Clients are fascinated that they accomplish from eating those correct proteins and carbohydrates that work best in their bodies per individualized dietary program.

Dr.Leon will intellectually stimulate you during your educational calls on this topic. Understanding how your "PM-Scale Reading System"(T.M.), and the Mapping Out of Your Cleaning Cycles, parlays to ( PG- Stacking,(T.M.) learning how to stack your prostaglandin feedings based on which prostaglandin pathways are open and working for you in support of increased male or female hormone production influencing increased anabolic rest when in the horizontal position. Vs. the prostaglandin pathways that are still in need of rest and repair.

This will be determined when voice to voice with Dr. Leon during your orientation call. A thorough understanding of how to integrate Olympic forms and standards of measurement per medical history, height-weight, frame size and body compositions will be targeted.

If body composition analysis measurements are of interest - We support and suggest, the "BodPod" body composition analysis Instrument. 

It is highly regarded within the professional athletic leagues, Olympic peer's and college athletics as one of the top caliber tools for body composition analysis / measurement.  Due to only having no more then a 1.5% error reading, superior and comparable to the other most accurate forms of body composition measurement analysis such as water buoyancy evaluation and electrical bioimpedance measurement.  Onsite at our private facility we do have a "BodPod" and pictures are available for viewing.  Clicking on the image or social media galleries.

End Revised Copy:

6.)  Food First!  No Supplements or Herbs...  Revised Copy:

Only food first and to be enjoyed in - unlimited portions till satisfied. 

There are no supplements or herbs involved when getting started on your Dietary Progression Program. 

Supplements, herbs, a.k.a. Nutraceutical's may be added as challenges to your program when a "positive dietary progression with only food first" has been established.  We usually can determine this within the first 7-to-14 days.  

Multi-Vitamin - Mineral Formula's are usually clients first choice, and if this becomes necessary due to medical history, or your dietary progressions first 7-to-14 days, or it's something you would just feel better about working into your dietary program due to your local grocery store / marketplace situation not having a  variety of foods available, organic fresh or organic frozen.

We have our own "Premium, NON-GMO Multi-Vitamin Mineral Am & Pm Support System Formula. 

Research based and scientifically designed, the Am & Pm Support Systems are blended to interact with each-other, by day (Am) and by Night (Pm) to give you the extra support you need. The truth is on the label. 

( Place short cut to BYG Multi-Vitamin ) Here!

Dr.Leon will guide you thru a realistic exciting approach to learning and applying amino-acid applications per your weight, frame size, body composition and height.  

To what’s trending in the supplemental marketplace that’s truly a NoN-GMO label. Dr.Leon will have you trained and ready to "B Your Greatest, when it also becomes time to put your "food detective label reading game face on".  Our Pinterest Link contains almost an entire grocery store and then some, displaying great brands and labels you can rely on. Others good, and the bad labels.  Dr.Leon references our Pinterest boards during your format reviews, our "Chewing The Phat-Podcasts" and product reviews that are upcoming this summer of 2016 on "Dr.LeonMellman's BYGtv channel".  Where  the "other ingredient area's" display the hidden poisons and the window dressings on products don't stand a chance.

End Revised Copy:

*

Look to place a picture above #7 copy, of a male speaker on stage in front of a huge audience - (we will look for a picture of myself - until then place one you can find W/a headset on, or a graphic design of a well dressed male - headset on at a desk w/a cloud - like bubble displaying the idea of speaking to a large volume of people around the country....

7.) Undivided Attention | Doctor Driven Counsel - A Unique Program Benefit

Revised Copy:

When was the last time you had undivided attention for 30 minutes to an hour, 
weekley or bi-weekley, with a doctor / physician ?  
Direct contact for any length of time with a doctor / physician is becoming very rare. 
Due to system driven healthcare.
This will not be your experience here.

Our private healthcare organization's Conceirge focus allows for "Doctor Driven Healthcare".  
A complete integrated healthcare management system applied at work and at home
 with in-depth counsel and an on-going constant contact experience with Dr. Leon Mellman
 of what each participants immune system is accomplishing within the protocol of the program. This will be your experience integrated throughout the next 4-months of counsel.

A Unique Program Benefit!

Dr. Leon is going into his 16th. year counseling elite executives, Pro Athletes and families.
Dr. Leon’s counsel of our educational technologies, your "Dietary Playbook"(T.M.) and its integration of internal and external environments related to your chosen profession, the relationship of how the individuals dietary progression parlays to performance in your environment, at the workplace and at home.  

There are a series of educational calls followed by format reviews, a.k.a. ( mini-reviews / food coaching sessions ) these format reviews are scheduled after each educational call to insure pursuit in dietary success.  Educational consultations & format reviews / food coaching sessions are both one-to-one / private calls. Private families or business groups "only" can receive group teleconferences.

Optimal times will be offered in "reservation" ( your "educational" food coaching consultations ) One-to-one contact with Dr. Leon Mellman to properly plan for executive and Pro - travel strategies in inflammatory healthcare management, preparation for practice's, up coming performance's, business or family events, games, post-game counsel or post athletic / post executive careers.  Preparation for a healthy pregnancy and Post pregnancy planned strategies.

The choice to implement these integrated nutritional applications / protocols through-out your life-time, cultivating a new level of health, reaching for an optimal level of performance and immune system efficiency, is solely your choice.  
This Program is primarily not a public group teleconferencing experience.

All programs are non-refundable.  
These statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration.  
These programs and products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease(s).




End Revised Copy:







